Generated Text For: cthulhu.txt: Input Word: God

1 - God rest comments on long-surviving secret cult of madness.

2 - God rest comments on a manner which would flame were told an outside air of the streets of the noxious cult around idol-capped monoliths in prose, and members of inquiry.

3 - God knows the storm of a large proportion of the awesome grandeur of the letters "Cthulhu" and darkened with frightened expectancy the gulfs of shelf-paper.

4 - God rest followed an exceedingly puzzling, and through the geometry of a fantastic painter named Castro, unfortunately, had talked with a sloping mud-bank on ancient hill, and won the liberated Old Ones and bring the convocation to bear?

Generated Text For: cthulhu.txt: Input Word: devil

1 - Devil tablet, but at regular intervals with questions.

2 - Devil tablet, but the Great Old ones.

3 - Devil or tornasuk; and what an old writing of the elder gods and on which dream of Auckland, which kept on the sun as I think, is why I believe, some far too much native superstition.

4 - Devil tablet, but his talent promises.

5 - Devil or an old number of sculpture at Hyde Park; and wild, they ploughed on the finest Georgian steeple in full.

6 - Devil or building, and forms long manuscript--of "technical matters" as still one point separately as the hellish rituals so unheard-of.

7 - Devil or paganly religious body.

8 - Devil tablet, but archeology. young sculptor with vast angles of the savage crew an odd trifle he saw the doctor added, was headed "1925--Dream and shouted of the Alert, manned by profession an accidental piecing together with the Alert as I had set of Kanakas and without impertinence, asking for he would have said, for his genius but things is not composed altogether of a few.

9 - Devil tablet, but none is not a singular tribe or building, he has seen.

10 - Devil or of the ends of all they saw was responsible for the weird reading of portentous significance was not of R'lyeh dead Cthulhu from what my uncle?


Generated Text For: cthulhu.txt: Input Word: auto/Professor

1 - Lemuria), and I was by white men.

2 - Inspector's problem, there was Rodriguez the pedestal.

3 - Verde Islands, gave me afresh; for more than the conspicuous freshness of that only the pathless desert of the chronicler could do justice to hint of horror that he resolved to be later met with emphasis, was buried, actually emerged unharmed from researches into its fountain-head.

4 - Black Winged Ones who had begun to anything but good-natured descendants of which six men shouting and dreams of Professor Angell's most recent and a peculiarly abominable quality about a widely known to possess it.

5 - Things ruled on February 20th, and repulsiveness.

6 - Professor Webb, Professor Webb had come in charge.

7 - Quay in archaeology. On April 18, 1925.

8 - Bough and the same utter mystery, terrible sort of Inspector of Wilcox's malady suddenly ceased.

9 - CALL OF CTHULHU Of its stuccoed front amidst the first of the Alert was all hands for I think of having in his entire set sail in corroboration of the pit to determine.

10 - Providence, R. Legrasse, I made of them.


